docs: OpenDP Commons commitments (#2661)
opendp/opendp: README.md

The architecture of the OpenDP Library is based on a conceptual framework for expressing privacy-aware computations.
This framework is described in the paper [A Programming Framework for OpenDP](https://opendp.org/files/2025/11/opendp_programming_framework_11may2020_1_01.pdf).

> [!NOTE]
> This software is part of the [**OpenDP Commons**](https://sites.harvard.edu/opendp/tools/#opendp-commons). As such, the OpenDP Executive Committee commits to:
> - Releasing this software under an [OSI approved licence](https://opensource.org/licenses), in this case the [MIT License](https://github.com/opendp/opendp/blob/main/LICENSE).

> > - Ensuring there are at least two maintainers, in this case Michael Shoemate (`Shoeboxam`) and Chuck McCallum (`mccalluc`), who will respond within a week to new issues and PRs.

Reviewer: Consider linking to the CODEOWNERS instead? Single source of truth.

```suggestion
> - Ensuring there are at least two maintainers, in this case designated in the [default CODEOWNERS](.github/CODEOWNERS), who will respond within a week to new issues and PRs.
```

> > - On an annual basis, recruiting one or more volunteers (not active contributors) to conduct an audit, and publishing the results of the audit.

Reviewer 2: I think this issue is good. Consider my comment resolved.
